fips-compliance (#1063)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/15-compliance/00-fips-compliance.md

## Project Scope

You can enable FIPS Mode for individual projects. This can be achieved by enabling FIPS at the Project Platform scope.

<br />

### Enable Project Platform FIPS Support

To enable Project scope FIPS compliance

* Log in to Palette as Project Admin and go to **Project Settings** from the left main menu.

* Click **Platform Settings** and toggle **Platform FIPS Support** button. 

* To disable FIPS support, toggle the **Platform FIPS Support** button .

## Cluster Scope

Cluster scope FIPS mode provides FIPS-compliant Palette infrastructure layers. Palette supports the FIPS-compliant versions of Kubernetes (PXK and PXK-E) for the cluster profiles. Cluster scope FIPS compliance is all about infra-layer FIPS compliance.

<br/>

### Enable Cluster FIPS Support

To enable cluster-level FIPS mode while [creating cluster profile](/cluster-profiles/task-define-profile) add the layers from the FIPS-compliant pack registry. To get access to the FIPS registry, contact [Contact Spectro support via the Service Desk](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals).
## Use Case Scenarios

The FIPS mode can cover different use cases as below:

> |Use Cases | Enable   | Mandatory Condition|

Author: its the mandatory condition

|----------|--------------|--------------|                 
|All the projects under a tenant needs to be in FIPS mode | Tenant FIPS Support|Cluster Scope FIPS |
|Only selected projects under a tenant needs to be FIPS enabled| Enable Project FIPS Support for the selected projects|Cluster Scope FIPS|
|Only cluster scope FIPS to be enabled|Tenant and Project scope are not required| Enable only cluster scope FIPS mode|
   
**Note:** when platform FIPS supported is enabled, infra layers must be FIPS complaint.

<br />

> <InfoBox>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<WarningBox>
```
This is pretty important so we should make it a warning box.

> The platform FIPS (Tenant and Project scope) can be **disabled or enabled** during cluster creation.  Toggle the **FIPS Mode** button while creating the cluster configurations of cluster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FIPS enablement at the tenant or project scope can be disabled or enabled during cluster creation.  Toggle the **FIPS Mode** button while creating the cluster configurations of cluster deployment.
```

> </InfoBox>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</WarningBox>
```

> ### Clouds Supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Platforms Supported:
```
Let's not limited it to clouds as we will probably have private data centers platforms in the future.
